Create an attack graph in json format using only nodes and edges as keys from the attack scenario given below. node should have id, label, edge should have from, to and label properties. Do not give a simplified graph. Add as much detail as possible. Incorporate all possible information in nodes and edges. Do not create separate keys for them in the json. Give only the graph in json format. Do not put text before or after json.

We are currently tracking the software supply chain compromise and related post intrusion activity as UNC2452. After gaining initial access, this group uses a variety of techniques to disguise their operations while they move laterally (Figure 2). This actor prefers to maintain a light malware footprint, instead preferring legitimate credentials and remote access for access into a victim's environment.

Post-compromise tactics

TEARDROP and BEACON Malware Used

Multiple SUNBURST samples have been recovered, delivering different payloads. In at least one instance the attackers deployed a previously unseen memory-only dropper we've dubbed TEARDROP to deploy Cobalt Strike BEACON. TEARDROP is a memory only dropper that runs as a service, spawns a thread and reads from the file "gracious_truth.jpg", which likely has a fake JPG header. Next it checks that HKU SOFTWARE Microsoft CTF exists, decodes an embedded payload using a custom rolling XOR algorithm and manually loads into memory an embedded payload using a custom PE-like file format. TEARDROP does not have code overlap with any previously seen malware. We believe that this was used to execute a customized Cobalt Strike BEACON.

Attacker Hostnames Match Victim Environment

The actor sets the hostnames on their command and control infrastructure to match a legitimate hostname found within the victim's environment. This allows the adversary to blend into the environment, avoid suspicion, and evade detection.

IP Addresses located in Victim's Country

The attacker's choice of IP addresses was also optimized to evade detection. The attacker primarily used only IP addresses originating from the same country as the victim, leveraging Virtual Private Servers.

Lateral Movement Using Different Credentials

Once the attacker gained access to the network with compromised credentials, they moved laterally using multiple different credentials. The credentials used for lateral movement were always different from those used for remote access.

Temporary File Replacement and Temporary Task Modification

The attacker used a temporary file replacement technique to remotely execute utilities: they replaced a legitimate utility with theirs, executed their payload, and then restored the legitimate original file. They similarly manipulated scheduled tasks by updating an existing legitimate task to execute their tools and then returning the scheduled task to its original configuration. They routinely removed their tools, including removing backdoors once legitimate remote access was achieved.
